Story Data Base: 

   1. Tulip planting

I am Tom and I have a small tulip shop (almost monopoly IRL). I create a Tulip token, 
very easy to obtain, for each tulip planted in the streets in Munich. I use my previously 
earned reputation to propose several times the Tulip token to become an OPAT. My motivation 
is to keep my business making profit. 

   2. Oktoberfest trash

I am Silke and I create a token for picking up trash at the Oktoberfest site. I advertise 
it well in advance to the people in Munich (subway, billboards etc.). In exchange for the 
tokens I give free beer at Oktoberfest. I deliberately make the token proof complicated and
 time consuming so only a hand full of people can claim the tokens. I approve the tokens 
after Oktoberfest is over, so the tokens granted too late are useless.

   3. Car shaming (~snitching)

I am Fabian and I create a token for car shaming. For this token, people have to send me 
a picture with a car parked illegally, people throwing trash out the window, not blinking
etc. I publish all these pictures on a website. 


   4. Tire slashing - honest users

I am Petra and I create a token that people can claim when slashing tires of cars. People 
have to send a picture of the licence plate of the car, before and after the slashing. 

   4.5 Tire slashing - cheaters

I am Johann and I create a token that people can claim when slashing tires of cars. People 
have to send a picture before and after the slashing.

   5. Cycling scam (very realistic case)

I am Carmen and I want to get tokens for going to work by bike. I did that until I figured
 that for the proof, I do not need to actually cycle to work, I can just send them a 
picture with me on the bike at home and at the office. I have done several pairs of photos
 one weekend and now I send them out every day and I get the tokens for free. I will not 
 vote for these bicycle tokens to become OPATs though (some good consciousness left). 

   5.5 Cycling to work (robust token)

I am Ramiro and I create a token for people to go to work on a bike. As proof people have
to give access to the location of their phone during the ride, plus a photo.

   6. School Isar trash cleaning

This token is issued by the ministry of education and can be claimed by schools for sustainability-
related activities. For example a primary school in Munich regularly sends classes of children
to clearn the Isar river. These events are well documented by reporters, parents know about it etc.
Therefore the claiming-proofs, done by the respective school principal, can be kept fairly simple.

   7. No flying aggression 

I am Thorsten and I created a token for people who chose to travel by train instead of 
plane. If you convince someone to do this, you can also claim a token. After it became 
popular, airport started reporting harassment cases, people who want to claim tokens for 
influencing others try to convince travelers to cancel their tickets in an aggressive 
manner.

   7.5 No flying token

I am Hubert and I created a token for people who chose to travel by train instead of 
plane. As proof claimers provide tickets plus a search for the turned down flight option
that would have been faster or cheaper.

   8. Killer Birds

I am Peter and I am a bird lover. In order to help the birds get through an unusually cold 
winter,  I created a Feed-the-birds-token that people can claim by sending a picture of 
them feeding birds. It worked great it's just that now it is leading up to an exploding 
population of a few types of birds that came to dominate the ecosystem with devastating 
effects on other species. 

   9. Bird feeder token

I am Lavinia and I am a bird lover. In order to help the birds get through an unusually cold 
winter,  I created a Feed-the-birds-token that people can claim by sending a picture of 
them feeding birds. The token is capped to an amount agreed upon with ornithology-experts.

   10. Feed the homeless - signature

This token rewards people feeding the homeless. Proof types include picture and a signed form
per homeless person.

   11. Feed the homeless

This token rewards people feeding the homeless. As proof type a photo is enough.

   12. Feed the homeless - Grunwald

This token rewards people feeding the homeless in Grunwald. There are no homeless people 
in Grunwald.

   13. Beggar cartel

An organization distributing donated funds to beggars decides to use a token representing
the paid-out amounts to beggars so that donors can track their impact. The idea with the
proof type was to note down details from their ID card - but it turns out many don't have
one on them or don't want to show it. They reverted to taking names from the beggars which
resulted in some of them coming up multiple times to different distributors of the organization
under new names and claiming donations again. Especially one cartel of beggars went all in on
this strategy and accumulated a large amount of funds in this way. This created a power imbalance
between local cartes and fuels friction between them.

   14. Fake tokens

I am Gabriella and I create a tree token with a high initial supply but I keep them for myself.
They are transferable so I am tring to exchange them for other tokens.
